README.md, before:

# ✈️ Aeroplane Game

**Aeroplane Game** is an AI-powered physical therapy game that uses your computer's webcam to detect your body movement and avoid the aeroplane hitting you. By squatting you can avoid the aeroplane.

Built with Python, **OpenMMLab (MMPose)**, **PyQt5**, and **Pygame**.

## 🎮 Features

* **Touchless Control:** Uses advanced AI pose estimation to track your body movements via webcam. No controllers required.
* **Two Game Modes:**
    * **Stationary Mode:** Focuses on squats and vertical movement.
    * **Sideways Mode:** Focuses on squats,vertical movement,lateral movement (Left/Right).
* **3 Levels:** Easy,Medium and Hard levels to change the planes height and speed.
* **Auto-Calibration:** Adjusts the planes height based on the persons height and distance from the camera(uses shoulder width).
* **Instant Feedback:** Visual cues guide you to correct your posture (e.g., "Keep Back Straight", "Bend Knees","Recalibrate").

---
Click the below link to download the Aeroplane_Game exe file

[Click here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eh8XQVyXE02y1O3aF-w5_Wvwb69nM5P8?usp=sharing)


> **Note:** The game may take a few seconds to initialize the camera on the first run.

### Prerequisites
* Python 3.8 (Recommended for OpenMMLab compatibility)
* A webcam

Commit message:

Update README with loading time and gameplay notes
Added loading time and gameplay instructions to README.

README.md, after:

# ✈️ Aeroplane Game

**Aeroplane Game** is an AI-powered physical therapy game that uses your computer's webcam to detect your body movement and avoid the aeroplane hitting you. By squatting you can avoid the aeroplane.

Built with Python, **OpenMMLab (MMPose)**, **PyQt5**, and **Pygame**.

## 🎮 Features

* **Touchless Control:** Uses advanced AI pose estimation to track your body movements via webcam. No controllers required.
* **Two Game Modes:**
    * **Stationary Mode:** Focuses on squats and vertical movement.
    * **Sideways Mode:** Focuses on squats,vertical movement,lateral movement (Left/Right).
* **3 Levels:** Easy,Medium and Hard levels to change the planes height and speed.
* **Auto-Calibration:** Adjusts the planes height based on the persons height and distance from the camera(uses shoulder width).
* **Instant Feedback:** Visual cues guide you to correct your posture (e.g., "Keep Back Straight", "Bend Knees","Recalibrate").

---
The Game will take around 1 minute to load
During the gameplay make sure that no other person or object is inside the calibration box 
Click the below link to download the Aeroplane_Game exe file

[Click here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eh8XQVyXE02y1O3aF-w5_Wvwb69nM5P8?usp=sharing)


> **Note:** The game may take a few seconds to initialize the camera on the first run.

### Prerequisites
* Python 3.8 (Recommended for OpenMMLab compatibility)
* A webcam
